Mad Dog.
Give it to me.
Where did you learn to bluff?
How do you know if I'm bluffing?
Do you want to bet?
Let's bet the most precious thing in life.
Something you can't change even if you die.
Something you can't throw out even if you die.
Something you can't erase even if you die.
What's that?
Family.
This time, let's bet our family.
(Mad Dog, Episode 2, Family)
(2 years ago, October 10, 2015)
It's not a big deal to travel to Jeju Island.
It's nothing to get shoes for.
You're right. It's nothing much...
to finally take a family trip.
I should just wear my old shoes, right?
Do you have to say it like that?
Why don't you try these on?
Hey, try them on.
Goodness, isn't this something?
I found these awesome shoes.
I really want them.
Ju Won, what's your size?
- 230mm. - Okay.
These are 230mm too.
He won't be able to wear them for long.
We'll take them in 240mm.
It'll be fine.
Mom, please?
We only have those in 230mm.
These are very popular.
It's all right, Mi Sook.
It's okay.
We'll take one in 230mm.
He'll grow out of them in three months.
We'll get them next time.
It'll take forever for my feet to be 240mm big.
Dad, can you get them for me?
Ju Won.
You'll be a big boy very soon.
Have I ever lied to you?
You just close your eyes,
get a few night's sleep, and you'll be huge.
Goodness, I don't believe you.
- Hey, Ju Won. - Choi Ju Won.
Get back here.
(Assistant Manager Park Moo Shin)
I'm going after a criminal right now.
Will you let me stay here for a bit?
Can't you see?
You aren't supposed to park here.
Are you a cop?
What's your affiliation?
Oh, I'm not exactly a police officer.
What?
I'm a claims examiner of Taeyang Insurance.
Goodness, sir.
- Keep up the good work. - Who are you?
Have some.
Will you give him your license already?
He owes 40 dollars as the fine, right?
- Yes. - Okay.
Hey, get out of the car.
Give it to him with two hands. Be respectful.
I don't believe you. My goodness.
Oh, he doesn't have to...
I am truly sorry.
I won't let you off next time.
- Of course. - Move the car.
Of course. Hey, move your car.
And take this.
Oh, you could have this.
Thank you.
Keep up the good work.
The weather is so nice.
I thought you were taking a vacation.
Weren't you, Manager Choi?
Don't call me Manager Choi.
It's just you and me here.
Goodness.
I've been telling the new kid...
to not tell people he's a claims examiner,
and to never tail people, but he just got out.
Why must I look after a new kid like him...
as the assistant manager of Taeyang Insurance?
Yes, a claims examiner of Taeyang Insurance.
That sounds very fancy.
"Claims" makes it sound like there's some action,
and "examiner" sounds like we're detectives of sort.
They'd love to go after the wicked...
like Sherlock Holmes or Arsene Lupin,
breaking every single part of our beloved law.
I mean them, the new kids.
Look at him. He's running to us.
Moo Shin.
What do you think managers and assistant managers do?
Do we have our posts to be treated like kings?
We're there to teach...
the new kids into becoming a presentable examiner.
That's what I believe,
Assistant Manager Park Moo Shin.
Sorry.
I mean, I apologize, Manager Choi.
Don't be sorry.
I made sure the car is at a parking lot.
A car must be parked at a parking lot,
and an examiner must stay within the law, okay?
Okay.
Hey, let's take a picture.
- Take one for us. - Pardon?
- Hurry! Take one. - Okay.
It's all about the timing.
In 1, 2, 3.
Say cheese.
Ko Jin Chul. 27 years old.
He has three life insurance coverages.
Including accident treaty...
600,000 dollars is set as maximum claim.
There seems to be no problem...
with the insurance he has.
Then why did we see him?
You told the police he was a criminal.
Why?
It's because the assistant manager...
said let's go get the bad guys today.
Hey, look closely.
What do the contracts have in common?
Ko Jin Chul didn't apply for this one.
All of them were applied by different people.
Han Soo Jung, Kang Mi Ri,
Oh Min Hwa.
Ko Jin Chul is their beneficiary.
Han Soo Jung died in July of 2012...
in a car accident.
Ko Jin Chul received...
100,000 dollars in death benefit.
Kang Mi Ri died in June of 2014...
in a car accident instantly.
With an accident treaty, Ko Jin Chul received...
220,000 dollars in death benefit.
Oh Min Ah died in a hospital after...
a car accident in February of 2015.
Including hospital fees, 350,000 dollars was paid.
He used the same method three times.
Is this possible?
We screen the subscribers' names first...
for insurance fraud,
not the beneficiaries' names.
It's easy to spot scammers...
who apply for multiple insurances.
When it's different subscribers...
with non-family beneficiaries,
it's difficult to notice.
He's evolving.
The claim is increasing, and time is shortening.
Then that woman is in danger.
There's a high chance she'll be the next to go.
Then we should report him right away.
The police won't investigate...
a case that didn't even happen yet.
We can report...
all the previous cases too.
The vehicles were scrapped,
and the bodies were cremated.
They won't re-investigate without proof.
Then we should go warn her at least.
Your fiance will kill you.
Would you trust...
your fiance who promised eternal love...
or a claims examiner you've never seen?
We can't just sit and watch.
That wouldn't be right.
I compared the ladies' applications...
with Ko Jin Chul's application.
Take a look at the ladies' application dates.
That's Ko Jin Chul's file for claims.
Victim Ko Jin Chul. Beneficiary Han Soo Jung.
Yes. He was in a car accident...
that resulted in a three-week injury.
Han Soo Jung received 2,300 dollars.
When's the payment date?
It's April 30, 2012.
It's the same with Kang Mi Ri and Oh Min Hwa.
First, he put them...
as beneficiaries and applied for insurance.
He got into an accident,
then he filed for claims.
He led by example.
He led by example?
So he subscribed to a coverage first...
with the woman as a beneficiary.
He somehow got into an accident,
claimed the insurance money,
and gave it all to her.
She'll think "He loves me so much."
Love is something you can't see,
but you can see his injuries and money.
She'll want to pay him back for his love.
(Beneficiary Ko Jin Chul)
Is there any new insurance under her name?
No, there isn't.
I checked with Financial Supervisory System.
There is none in other companies as well.
Maybe...
this time, he's really in love...
Insurance scammers...
don't stop after one gig.
All right, so what do we need to do?
Investigation?
Yes, investigation.
Investigate what?
We have to find proof from previous cases.
But the vehicles and bodies are gone.
You must abide by the law.
No trespassing or wiretapping.
How can we catch the criminal then?
That's why you have to work hard, you punk.
Notify me as soon as...
he applies for insurance with her as beneficiary.
Because that's a sign.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
There was only one insurance planner...
that dealt with Ko Jin Chul.
She won the best planner a few years ago.
It's Lee Mi Ran.
What is it? Is the planner his accomplice?
No, Ms. Lee can't be.
She's a hard worker, and she's really friendly.
My wife got insurance through her as well.
I mean it's not an organized crime.
Why would a planner get involved?
I know,
but this doesn't feel right, Mr. Choi.
Okay, I'll look into it.
Let's focus on Ko Jin Chul first.
We have to stop the next case.
- Okay. - Okay.
(Oh Min Hwa)
(Died instantly in a car accident)
Hey.
Be careful, okay?
- Okay. - Okay!
Newbie. Let's go.
Please come to the 20th floor.
Gosh, he got me.
You shouldn't have come to work on your vacation.
I know.
(Lee Mi Ran)
(Taeyang Insurance Planner)
Why didn't you go to Jeju Island?
My flight is at night.
What about you? Why are you here?
My flight is tomorrow.
Take this and go home.
Chairman Cha.
What? Is this old fashioned?
I already got a bonus for Chuseok.
This is for Mi Sook.
I hear education costs a lot these days.
I know your family is short on money.
Take your family out for a nice meal.
Chairman Cha... I...
Thank you, but I won't take the money.
Stop kidding me.
Come on. Just take it.
My arm hurts.
Sir, I really shouldn't take this.
Thank you, sir.
Go.
He looks like a crook.
Ko Jin Chul.
He's suspicious.
But the car was already scrapped,
and the body was cremated.
What? There's no proof.
What do you want me to do?
What if there's an accomplice?
Have you ever seen an insurance fraud...
that was done perfectly from the start?
It's hard for first offenders.
Then...
Is there a possibility of an accomplice?
How is Hwan?
Well... He gets better after kidney dialysis.
My wife is the one who must be tired.
Be nice to her.
You be nice to your wife.
I'm sorry and thank you.
- For what? - For investigating hard.
- Who? Me? - I'll call you.
Hey. Hey!
(Three-month pregnant at the time of death)
(350,000 dollars paid to Ko Jin Chul)
Check the name of the insured, Ju Won.
- Okay. - Check your name here.
Then I just need to sign...
- I'm home. - Goodness.
Honey.
Yes.
Hi, Manager Choi.
(Shoes)
Planner Lee Mi Ran.
I didn't think you could come home tonight,
but you're home early.
I told you I'd be back soon.
I'm a bit short this month,
so I asked her for help.
Taeyang Insurance family should help each other.
Aren't I right, honey?
Sure. That's right.
Mi Ran.
Was there...
Pardon?
Excuse me.
Yes?
Mr. Choi.
I think the newbie is in big trouble.
- What? - He's after...
Ko Jin Chul and the woman.
Did he apply for insurance?
Nothing in the database yet.
Okay. Hold on.
Mi Ran.
Was there a new subscription today?
No.
Are you sure?
Didn't Ko Jin Chul apply for one today?
No.
What are you doing, honey?
Hold on a second.
Yes.
Why is he after them?
I don't know. He texted me he's going to Maseok.
He's not picking up.
Okay.
Give me the location, and keep calling him.
Gosh, that punk.
What? Is Manager Choi on his way?
Isn't he overreacting?
The newbie wouldn't do anything.
Was Manager Choi ever wrong?
Stop the car.
Can't you see?
It's like we're already parked.
Get off.
What's wrong with her?
Here we go.
(Maseok Service Station)
(Mr. Choi Kang Woo)
Hello?
Where are you?
I pulled over on the route 46 headed to Gapyeong.
Do you really have to do this?
I'm sorry, sir.
But...
about the third victim, Oh Min Hwa.
She was three months pregnant when it happened.
I mean, she had his baby in her belly.
Sir, I can't stand this.
Don't do anything.
Sir.
Just follow him behind.
- Keep the distance. - Pardon?
You think you're on this alone?
Why do you try to move individually?
We're on our way too.
Do just one thing.
Be careful.
- Okay? - Okay.
(Your life insurance contract is complete.)
I got the text already, so why would you call me?
Is that right?
Why would they work on a holiday like today?
Don't worry. Things will work out fine.
Rest for a while.
Honey.
Is there something going on?
No. You want to drink this?
Thanks. Did you drink something too?
Yes, I did.
The sun is high up
Wake up
- What? - What?
It's nothing. Go back to sleep.
Sleep tight.
(Mr. Park Moo Shin)
Darn it.
Goodness, this punk. Answer your phone.
Gosh.
Goodness! Drive slowly.
Keep calling him.
Goodness. These brats...
I mean, well... Gosh.
(Mr. Park Moo Shin)
- Hello? - Hey, punk!
Why didn't you answer your calls? Where are you?
I'm at...
Hello?
Hello? Hey, newbie!
- Ms. Jang. - Call an ambulance now.
Okay.
Jae Soo. Park Jae Soo!
Jae Soo.
Hurry!
Which hospital is it?
What were you guys doing?
(Operations Schedule)
(Park Jae Soo)
(Operating Room)
The newbie's last name was Park?
He's the 38th descendant of the Miryang Park.
You're the 40th descendant, right?
He said he was like your grandpa.
That's right.
He's the earlier descendant than me.
- Hey, Moo Shin. - Yes?
Call him by his name.
Don't call him "newbie".
Did he tell you about this?
I mean, why would he tell him about this and not me?
He should've told me too.
Honey.
Honey!
Are you okay?
Jae Soo...
Has it been long since he went into operation?
What?
She was three months pregnant when it happened.
I mean, she had his baby in her belly.
He said he wasn't married.
Why that punk...
(Operating Room)
Honey, I'm fine even if we don't go on a trip.
Don't worry, and get your work done.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Have a seat.
Are you okay?
Thank you.
You must've been startled.
Chairman Cha. I'm sorry to call you this early.
We'll have to see how he recovers,
but his surgery went successfully.
Okay.
That's enough.
Chairman Cha.
It's all my fault.
Get some rest.
Hong Joo.
Mr. Choi.
Jae Soo.
You didn't...
go to Jeju Island?
You punk.
You should go now,
so that I get scolded later too.
Hey.
Let me punch you just once.
Goodness.
Thanks.
Gosh.
Do I have to pay off the hospital fee right now?
Please cover the bill with this.
Okay.
Mr. Choi.
Well...
Your baby shouldn't starve.
Make sure you eat your meals.
Thank you.
Things will be complicated if they find out...
he's from our company.
It'll be fine.
He demanded 100,000 dollars,
so I settled it with 200, 000 dollars.
Director Cha, I'm sorry.
I'll take full responsibility.
We'll take our hands off Ko Jin Chul from now on.
Director Cha.
We can't do that.
Ko Jin Chul...
knew Jae Soo was after him, so he used him.
Shall I make him write a resignation letter...
and charge you for 200,000 dollars...
that we wasted on the settlement?
- Director Cha. - We decided to let it go.
My dad...
I mean it's the chairman's decision.
It's all for the better.
I'll visit him and talk to him myself.
My dad left for Jeju Island yesterday.
Oh, you can meet him when you get there.
What time is your flight?
Did your wife and Ju Won leave already?
Director Cha.
I thought Mr. Park's life isn't in danger,
and that he's okay enough to talk.
He'll receive treatments once he gets to Seoul.
Don't worry.
How can I go to Jeju Island...
as the manager in this situation?
I thought you wanted to talk to the chairman.
It's like catching 2 birds with 1 stone.
My goodness.
Hey, Mi Sook. It's me, Hong Joo.
A car will be there soon.
You can leave for Gimpo Airport.
Yes, everything's okay.
Kang Woo will take off right now.
Hong Joo, you brat.
He just called me a brat.
I haven't heard that in a while.
I think I got him a little upset.
- Hello. - Hello.
(ID: Choi Kang Woo)
Hey, I'm at the airport.
I'm sorry, Ha Ri.
Don't worry about it, and have a great time.
I'll call often to report on the progress.
Okay, thanks a lot.
The check-in for Flight 801...
that leaves at 10:40am was closed 5 minutes ago.
What? It's just by five minutes. Can you help me?
It's our policy. I'm sorry.
What about the next flight?
It's a holiday season, so we're fully booked.
Give me a moment.
I have one seat...
for Flight 805, which leaves at 11:50am.
Yes, I'll take that.
Kang Woo.
(October 11, 2015, 10:25am)
(15 minutes before Flight 801 takes off)
I'm so sorry.
My flight is at 11:50am.
You can go first. I'll follow right after.
You haven't eaten since yesterday, have you?
Goodness, you didn't have to do this.
Have you eaten?
Stop it.
What is it? What's wrong?
His friends are going to an amusement park today.
Ju Won, you always get to see your friends.
Show me a smile, will you?
Whatever. Gosh.
Ju Won.
Stop right there.
They won't fall out if you strap them on tightly.
It's all because they're too big.
You'll grow up very quickly.
I never thought you'd get this big,
but you've already gotten so big.
You'll be taller than me very soon.
How could that happen?
Why not? Why can't it happen?
Why not? Why?
- I told you to stop. - What?
Gosh, I got my hair blow-dried.
Goodness, my son got his hair blow-dried.
- Did you now? - Come on.
- Stop it. - Did you like that?
Dad, come on.
Mom!
Honey, stop it.
Oh, gosh.
Got you.
Goodness, look at how strong Ju Won is.
You can even hurt me now.
I'm glad he did.
Are you glad?
Honey, should we join you on your flight?
No, I barely got this ticket.
Oh, and this is from the chairman.
Goodness, he didn't have to do that.
This is great.
I used a little.
How dare you use my money without asking?
Great job.
We'll get going then.
Okay.
- Let's go. - I'm so sorry.
- Bye. - Bye.
Follow us quickly.
I'll see you in a little bit.
You don't have to say goodbye like that.
Come quickly.
Okay.
See you soon.
Ma'am, we have some space in front.
Could I take your luggage?
- Oh, thank you. - Sure.
(Tranquilizer)
Ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you for choosing Juhan Air.
We will be taking off shortly.
For your safety, please keep...
- your seat belts on. - Did you put it on?
Thank you.
It's not scary anymore.
- Yes. - Right?
Juhan Air Flight 801. Cleared for take off.
(October 11, 2015, 10:40am)
(Juhan Air Flight 801 takes off.)
Our flight will arrive at Jeju Airport shortly.
For your safety,
- please keep... - Look.
- your seat belts on. - Ju Won.
Look over there. It's the ocean.
Gosh, the weather is great.
Mom, are your ears stuffy?
I told you to swallow some saliva.
I will.
Give me your hand.
[VIU Ver] E02 Mad Dog "Family (The Twist of Fate)"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Oh, gosh.
It's okay. It'll be all right.
Hey, Kim Bum Joon!
Darn you.
Ju Won.
JH 801. Acknowledge.
Acknowledge!
There's no turbulence, let alone any wind.
Go ahead.
JH 801. Low altitude alert.
JH 801. Contact Jeju Control.
Pull up. Go around.
- Go around! - Kim Bum Joon!
No!
Kim Bum Joon! You idiot!
Go around. Go around!
JH 801.
Go around.
Go around!
This is a boarding call for Juhan Air flight 805.
May I have your attention, please?
Juhan Airline will begin the boarding...
for flight number 805,
- for Jeju Island. - What's going on?
What is it?
- Goodness. - What on earth happened?
What do we do?
My gosh, what's going on?
(All flights stand-by)
What's going on? I have to go.
What's going on? Do something.
Why are all flights on stand-by right now?
Breaking news. Juhan Air Flight 801,
which departed at 10:40am...
from Gimpo Airport to Jeju Airport,
have just crashed on the airstrip...
of Jeju Airport at 11:41am.
The flight had a total of 190 people...
including the passengers and flight attendants.
I will repeat again. Breaking news.
Juhan Air Flight 801, a flight from...
Gimpo Airport to Jeju Airport,
have just crashed on the airstrip...
of Jeju Airport at 11:41am.
Are there any survivors?
- That's frightening. - Oh, my goodness.
The aircraft is still covered in smoke.
The scene cannot be seen in full.
That's crazy.
We have not identified the passengers on...
That's why our flight is delayed.
Did that airplane just crash?
(Juhan Air Flight 801 Crashes in Jeju Airport)
Oh, no. What if we were on that flight?
Mi Sook.
Does this mean our flight is canceled?
- Did that just crash? - Ju Won.
(Juhan Air Flight 801 Crashes in Jeju Airport)
No, no!
No!
Ju Won!
Yes, Director Cha.
We aren't sure of the situation.
It has been two hours since the accident.
I can't get a hold of Manager Choi.
Mi Sook and Ju Won did?
What? What is it?
So far, 14 deaths have been confirmed.
Manager Choi couldn't get on the plane,
but Mi Sook and Ju Won...
got on that plane.
- The airplane crashed... - Goodness.
- My gosh. - and passengers were...
The families...
of the passengers just arrived at the scene.
180 family members of passengers that got on...
Juhan Air arrived at Jeju Airport.
They're now moving to the temporary station.
The paramedics and the rescue squad are...
Are you crying?
Don't talk nonsense.
Gosh, Hong Joo. You're too soft-hearted.
Just think of it as bad luck.
Give them life insurance payout.
Give them a lot.
Do you think...
money can solve the problem?
Then how will you solve the problem?
It can't be solved.
I was the one who put them on that plane.
Taeyang Insurance's Executive Director Cha.
Get a hold of yourself.
Take care of it with the payout. That's your job.
That's why I got an insurance from you.
Pay it out.
I will, so don't worry.
Don't be stingy. Be generous.
Everything will be okay if you give them a lot.
Hong Joo, find comfort in me.
You don't have to be in front of the camera.
You should know you're lucky.
Gosh, this is terrible.
I shouldn't bow down because of my back.
(Juhan Air Emergency Committee)
(Juhan Air 801 Plane Crash Countermeasure Committee)
Explain yourselves!
Apologize!
They found the first corpse!
- Did they? - Really?
- Where? - No way.
- Let's go. - Hurry.
(Juhan Air 801 Plane Crash Countermeasure Committee)
Are you hurt? Are you okay?
Ju Won. Answer me.
Ju Won. Mi Sook.
Mi Sook.
(Juhan Air 801 Plane Crash Countermeasure Committee)
Manager Choi.
- Goodness. - Gosh.
- My boy. - Gosh.
- Oh, my goodness. - Gosh.
- My goodness. - No.
- Honey. - No.
Why are you doing this?
I... Today...
I missed the plane today.
I couldn't get on the plane with them.
Kang Woo.
Mi Sook.
Ju Won.
Let's go home.
Wake up, Ju Won.
Ju Won, get up.
It'll take forever for my feet to be 240mm big.
You'll be a big boy very soon.
Have I ever lied to you?
You just close your eyes,
get a few night's sleep, and you'll be huge.
They won't fall out if you strap them on tightly.
It's all because they're too big.
You'll grow up very quickly.
I never thought you'd get this big,
but you've already gotten so big.
You'll be taller than me very soon.
How could that happen?
Kang Woo.
I...
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't be like this.
What should we do?
No...
(Hanrim Apartment Women's Society)
(Taeyang Insurance Chairman Cha Joon Kyu)
No.
- Goodness. - No.
Manager Choi, I'll drive you home.
It's okay.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Ju Won...
There will be charges after the beep.
Mr. Choi.
You've been saying okay through texts for a month.
I'll break the door if I must to enter your house.
What is it?
How's your investigation going?
We've just begun.
Don't worry. I'll do a thorough investigation.
What about the body of the assistant pilot?
It'll be retrieved soon.
You're not in charge of this.
- This is classified. - It's about Mr. Choi.
I'm going crazy. Gosh, Mi Ran...
What about her?
What?
Ko Jin Chul submitted an insurance claim.
This wouldn't have been a problem...
if that newbie had violated the rule.
- Mr. Park. - What?
The newbie's name is Park Jae Soo.
And he's going through his final surgery today.
Have you forgotten it?
I mean, I'm busy with my work.
He's okay, right?
You should've asked me that first.
Gosh, that temper of hers.
(Claims Examination Team For Flight JH 801)
(Park Jae Soo)
Mr. Choi.
What's this?
A blood clot occurred when the accident happened.
He went into shock during the operation.
You didn't go to Jeju Island?
You punk.
You should go now,
so that I get scolded later too.
Hey.
Let me punch you just once.
Goodness.
No...
You...
You know his number, right?
Mr. Choi.
Bring me Ko Jin Chul's number.
Get me the number now.
Where's Pentium?
Sir, this is a cellphone store.
You should look for it at a computer store.
Hey. Hey, mister!
You can't go in there. Hey!
I need a location, Pentium.
It's illegal.
Please do this for me, Noo Ri.
Don't say "please".
I'll do everything you ask me to do.
Thank you.
(Welcome to the nurse interview.)
Wouldn't children be afraid of you?
It might fit better if you work at a mental clinic.
What do you think?
Hiring only pretty and young nurses...
for pediatrics is a discrimination.
It's rather a reality than a discrimination.
Whose phone is ringing during the interview?
Yes, Kang Woo.
My kids?
Sure, I can get them ready right away.
I'll call them in immediately.
Hire a lot of pretty and young nurses.
Which way?
Go straight.
He's within 30-meter radius.
Who are you people?
Hey, Ko Jin Chul.
Our boss wants to see you.
- Who? - My boss.
Hey, Ko Jin Chul.
Jae Soo died.
So you should die too.
Who are you? Who are you?
You should die too.
- Jae Soo died. - Get off him.
Jae Soo died, you scum!
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you for sure!
I'll kill you! I will kill you with my hands.
I'll kill you.
I don't know what's going on,
but die first.
Stand up, punk.
- Get off him. - Let me go.
Stop it.
- Let go! - Stop them.
Who are you?
- I'll kill you. - Stop them.
- What are you doing? - I'll kill you.
- Let go. - Gosh.
I'll kill you for sure, scum!
Get them out of here.
This isn't that simple.
I know, sir.
She's your colleague? She's pretty.
Girls like her will be way prettier if they dress up.
I'll kill that punk for you.
I'll do it.
I'm an ex-convict with a record.
You should keep the law...
like you always have.
Don't change.
If you do,
it'll break your wife and Ju Won's hearts.
I guess Ko Jin Chul called the company to sue you.
You should go.
Mr. Choi.
It has nothing to do with you, so go.
How can you say that?
Ha Ri.
Please...
stay out of this.
Go.
This is the exclusive news.
On October 10, an airplane crashed into Jeju Airport,
and it caused 190 casualties.
The cause of Flight JH 801's crash...
is most likely a suicide crash of...
the assistant pilot aiming to take insurance money.
His colleagues have testified...
that the assistant pilot Mr. Kim suffered...
from serious depression.
It has been revealed that he got an insurance...
worth 3.4 million dollars...
through an insurance planner...
of Taeyang Insurance named Ms. Lee.
Also, his insurance planner, Ms. Lee,
hung herself to death last October 23.
Her suicide is giving more attention to the crash.
Unlock this.
Mr. Choi.
Ha Ri, I have to go. Open this door.
Open it!
Open this door!
Can someone open this door?
Open it. Open this door!
(Letter of Resignation)
I heard Ko Jin Chul went to China.
Lawyer Kim says...
you won't end up in prison.
We're investigating the assistant pilot's case.
It looks like Moo Shin is...
having a hard time because Mi Ran died.
Life must go on, Kang Woo.
3.4 million dollars.
You're going to give the compensation, right?
Who cares if the assistant pilot died,
or if the insurance planner died?
You'll pay the beneficiary if they make a claim.
It was a plan with special treaty,
so it includes all kinds of deaths,
no matter if it was a suicide or an accident.
The beneficiary, Kim Bum Joon's brother.
He'll end up taking all 3.4 billion dollars...
in exchange of my family's lives.
You should take some more time off.
(Letter of Resignation)
Thank you for everything you've done,
Chairman Cha.
What will you do from now on?
How could I quit what I've been doing?
I'll continue...
to hang out with madmen like a mad dog.
Let's bet the most precious thing in life.
What's that?
- Family. - Family?
This time, let's bet our family.
- Who are you? - Kim Min Joon.
Not the fake name. Your real name.
That is my real name.
Let's go home.
Just leave, will you?
Two years ago.
We almost met.
Don't you remember?
What will you do now?
- Over there. - Where?
- I don't believe this. - Where is it?
Let's go.
Hello?
Yes, this place is a huge mess.
They found the assistant pilot's body yesterday.
Yes, we only have to check it one last time.
He's the guy who crashed the plane on purpose.
His blood had traces of antidepressants.
Yes, yes.
Okay, I got it. Yes.
Next time, call me your brother, okay?
Okay?
My brother.
- Stop him. - What is he doing?
(Mortuary)
Open this!
Kim Bum Joon's brother. Come out.
Come out!
Kim Bum Joon's brother!
I know you're in there. Come out!
Kim Bum Joon's brother! Come out!
Come out!
The guy who left for Germany...
after he got his 3.4 million dollars.
The kid who was adopted to Germany at age seven.
Jan Gebauer.
Nice to meet you.
I'm the younger brother of Kim Bum Joon,
who was an assistant pilot of Juhan Air Flight 801,
Kim Min Joon.
(Mad Dog)
I think you are overestimating yourself.
You have no idea.
Could you run a background check?
Jang Ha Ri of Mad Dog isn't much.
What are you staring at?
Kim Min Joon.
What's your relationship with him?
You dug too deeply into this.
What you are after...
and what you're curious about isn't this.
How could he ruin everything?
Chairman Cha is amazing.
I can get my hands on the insurance record.
Did his wife do this?
I don't hold hands with con artists.
Just do what I tell you, Mr. Choi.
Why did you bring us into this?